README.md, before:

# Personal Bio Site

## Description

This is my personal bio page.  It consists of a single page app with content created using javascript.  Styling is a mixture of bootstrap, Google Fonts, and Font Awesome.

The home page includes all of the content in one space.  Links are provided in the navigation bar to filter down the amount of content below according to the listed categories.

## Features

- Dynamically created cards for each project
- Footer that sticks to the bottom of the page

## Screenshots

#### Home View:

![Home View](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/broach44/personal-bio-site/master/screenshots/home-view.PNG)

#### Bio View:

![Bio View](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/broach44/personal-bio-site/master/screenshots/bio-view.PNG)

#### Technologies View:

![Technologies View](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/broach44/personal-bio-site/master/screenshots/technologies-view.PNG)

#### Projects View:

![Project View](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/broach44/personal-bio-site/master/screenshots/project-view.PNG)

## How to Run

- Clone down this project
- Install http-server from npm
- At the root of this project run the following command: `hs -p 8888`
- In your browser navigate to [https://localhost:8888](https://localhost:8888)

## Contributors

[**Crystal Broach**](https://github.com/broach44)

Commit message:

updated readme file to include new installation instructions and deployed link

README.md, after:

# Personal Bio Site

## Description

This is my personal bio page.  It consists of a single page app with content created using javascript.  Styling is a mixture of bootstrap, Google Fonts, and Font Awesome.

The home page includes all of the content in one space.  Links are provided in the navigation bar to filter down the amount of content below according to the listed categories.

## Features

- Dynamically created cards for each project
- Footer that sticks to the bottom of the page
- Data driven application that retrieves data from firebase console using Axios
- ES6 Modules

## Screenshots

#### Home View:

![Home View](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/broach44/personal-bio-site/master/screenshots/home-view.PNG)

#### Bio View:

![Bio View](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/broach44/personal-bio-site/master/screenshots/bio-view.PNG)

#### Technologies View:

![Technologies View](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/broach44/personal-bio-site/master/screenshots/technologies-view.PNG)

#### Projects View:

![Project View](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/broach44/personal-bio-site/master/screenshots/project-view.PNG)

## How to Run

- Clone down this project
- Add apiKeys from Firebase formatted identically to the `apiKeysExample.json` file
- At the root of this project run the following command: `npm start`
- This should automatically redirect you to the local host, but if not, run `hs -p 8080`, and in your browser, navigate to [https://localhost:8888](https://localhost:8888)

## Firebase Link

Click [**HERE**](https://personal-bio-site-8b42d.web.app/) to go to the application.

## Contributors

[**Crystal Broach**](https://github.com/broach44)
